
# NotifyGru Module

## Introduction
Notify Gru The module is a workflow task which, from a resource to build a stream associated JSON and send it to a processing entity
## Provider of resource

Notify Gru is a generic task to the extent that it can work with any resource provider (ticketing, appointment, directory ...).Thus for each service (ticketing, appointment, directory ...) a provider will be implemented to provide maximum                 information about the resource.

There are two types of resource provider :


 
*  **The resource providers :** 

A resource provider is the link between the NotifyGru task and a single form is a plugin service. This is the case of ticketing plugin consists of a single resource form.
*  **The resource providers managers:** 

A resource provider manager is the link between the           notifygru task and each plugin service form concerned.This is the case of the plugin Gesion of Appointment, directory where one can have more service forms


## Configuring the task

 **NotifyGru configuration is done in two steps:** 
 **A first page with two immutable fields:** 
 
* A list to choose the supplier of                       resource among different implementations of the available suppliers
* The checkbox field will enhance the flow field demand_status V1 notification.                        The value is 0 (meaning "current" unchecked) or 1 (meaning "closed".                        One is if the checkbox is checked).

NotifyGru configuration is done on 5 tabs. To set up a tab you must activate it via the "Add a notification *". For each tab you can use bookmarks resource provider to configurethe message or the message subject that will be addressed during the execution of the task
 **Dashboard tab :** 
 
* Request Status (required) status for the wicket
* Serder Name (required): the message sender in window
* Subject (required) in the message subject desk. **May have some bookmarks resource** 
* Message (required): Message to the desk. **May have some bookmarks resource** 
* Number of steps (optional): total number of steps in demand
* Current Step (optional): application stage when sending the stream


 **View Tab Agent 306 °:** 
 
* Status in the 360 ° View (required) status for the 360 ° view
* Event Description in the 360 ° View (required): message to the view 306 °. **May have some bookmarks resource** 


 **Tab MAIL :** 
 
* Sender (required): sender email
* Subject (required) email subject. **May have some bookmarks resource** 
* Cc (optional): in copy
* Bcc (optional): blind carbon copy.
* Message (required): message of the email. May have some bookmarks resource


 **Tab SMS :** 
 
* Message (required): the SMS. **May have some bookmarks resource** 


 **Tab Mailing List :** 
 
* mailing list (required)
* Sender (required)
* Subject (required): **May have some bookmarks resource** 
* Cc (optional): in copy
* Bcc (optional): blind carbon copy.
* Message (required) : **May have some bookmarks resource** 



Do not forget to override the config settings that will be used to inform parameters (URL, TOKEN, ORIGIN) of the external entity that will receive the flow Json

## Using the task

When the service receives a request, the task is launched                  (Automatic or manual start) and the Supplier during the configuration                 responsible for collecting all the information needed to build the JSON stream                  sent to the external entity


[Maven documentation and reports](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/plugins/module-workflow-notifygru/)



 *generated by [xdoc2md](https://github.com/lutece-platform/tools-maven-xdoc2md-plugin) - do not edit directly.*
